Add Render deployment option (#1)
jakemalachowski/posthog.com: contents/docs/deployment/deploy-render.md

Every service on Render includes:
- No limits on simultaneous connections or connection duration.
- No forced restarts.
- Full support for Docker containers.
- Automatic [pull request previews](https://render.com/docs/pull-request-previews).
- Infrastructure as Code with [`render.yaml`](https://render.com/docs/infrastructure-as-code).
- [Fully managed PostgreSQL](https://render.com/docs/databases).
- [Private networking](https://render.com/docs/private-services), load balancing, and service discovery.
- HTTP health checks and [zero downtime deploys](https://render.com/docs/zero-downtime-deploys).
- Free, unlimited [custom domains](https://render.com/docs/custom-domains) and [teams](https://render.com/docs/teams).
- Persistent storage with [Render Disks](https://render.com/docs/disks).

## Step By Step Installation

[![Deploy to Render](https://render.com/images/deploy-to-render-button.svg)](https://render.com/deploy?repo=https://github.com/render-examples/posthog)

1. Click Deploy to Render above.

2. Follow the prompts to create an account if you haven't already and approve the creation of your Posthog services.

>     `Note: Because Posthog requires a higher tier plan, you will be asked to add a card. Charges for services will not be incurred until your free trial has expired.`

Reviewer: I'd recommend using a slightly less passive voice: 'You won't be billed for your services until your trial ends'.

Author: ```suggestion
    `Note: Because Posthog requires a higher tier plan, you will be asked to add a card. You won't be charged for your services until your trial ends.`
```
